Congratulations! 

Your profile has been shortlisted for the assignment round for the position of Full Stack Web 

Developer Intern at BeyondChats. 

This is a paid position, and this assignment will help us get a better understanding of your 

expertise. 

If you have any queries, please send us a message on Internshala. 

1 / 3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Your Task 

Your task is divided into 3 phases. 

Phase 1: (Moderate Difficulty) 

Scrape articles from the last page of the blogs section of BeyondChats.  
(You can fetch the 5 oldest articles) 
URL: https://beyondchats.com/blogs/ 

Store these articles in a database. 

Create CRUD APIs these articles 

Phase 2: (Very Difficult) 

Create a NodeJS based script / project. 

Fetch the articles from API you created in previous task 

The script: 

●  Searches this article’s title on Google. 
●  Fetches the first two links from Google Search results that are blogs or articles 

published by other websites. 

●  Scrapes the main content from these two articles you found on Google Search. 
●  Calls an LLM API to update the original article and make its formatting, content 

similar to the two new articles that were ranking on top of Google. 

●  Publish the newly generated article using the CRUD APIs created in previous Phase. 
●  Make sure to cite reference articles (that you scraped from Google Search results) at 

the bottom of the newly generated article. 

Phase 3: (Very Easy) 

Create a small ReactJS-based frontend project that fetches articles from the Laravel APIs 
and displays them in a responsive, professional UI. (The original articles as well as their 
update versions) 

2 / 3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Submission Guidelines 

●  We will evaluate you based on the following criteria: 

○  Completeness -> 40% 
○  ReadMe & setup docs -> 25% 
○  UI/UX -> 15% 
○  Live Link -> 10% 
○  Code Quality -> 10% 

●  Please submit a git repo which contains your code 

●  Please ensure you commit frequently so we can follow your development journey. 

●  Please make sure your repo also includes a ReadMe file with the following details: 

○  Local setup instructions. 
○  Data flow diagram / Architecture diagram to quickly get a summary of the 

entire project. 

○  A live link for your frontend project where we can check the original article as 

well as the updated article. 

●  Make sure your git repo is publicly accessible so our team can review your 

submission. 

Note: 

●  Please make the submission before the due date. (Wednesday) 31 Dec, 11:59 pm IST. 

●  Your code is your property and we promise to not use any part of your submission 

unless we select you for this employment opportunity. 

ALL THE BEST! 

3 / 3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
